CMS folder topic tune up GH 547 - content elements (#755)
magento/merchdocs: src/cms/widget-new-products-list.md

   ![]({% link images/images/widget-layout-update-new-products-list.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Layout updates_

1. Click <span class="btn">Save and Continue Edit</span>.

   For now, you can ignore the message to refresh the cache.

## Step 4: Configure the List

1. In the left panel, choose **Widget Options**.

1. Set **Display Products** to one of the following:

   | All Products | Lists products in sequence, starting with those most recently added. |
   | New Products | Lists only the products that are identified as _new_. A product is considered to be new during the date range that is specified in _Set Product As New From/To_. The list will be empty if the date range expires without any new products defined. |

1. To provide navigation control for lists with multiple pages, set **Display Page Control** to `Yes`.

   For **Number of Products per Page**, enter the number of products you want to appear on each page.

1. Set **Number of Products to Display** to the number of new products that you want to include in the list.

   The default setting is `10`.

1. For **Cache Lifetime (Seconds)**, choose how often you want to refresh the list of new products.

>    By default, the cache is set to 86400 seconds, or 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, the cache is set to 86,400 seconds (24 hours).
```
